If anything, ███████ ███████ was an opportunist who wanted a piece of the action in regards to whatever was popular during the time. I mean, a blaxploitation flick in Louisville, Kentucky..who would of thunk it?!?! I can just imagine the enthusiasm he must've had getting ███ █████, quite a hot item, to star in his picture. If you are pretty familiar with the genre, ███████'s Sheba, ████ doesn't necessarily stray too far from formula. Despite a change of venue, the film still deals with a ruthless businessman nicknamed █████ who muscles in on loan companies, using stooges to threaten them in order to get their signatures. <br /><br />█████ is █████ ██████, a former Louisville cop working in Chicago who returns home at the request of her father's partner, Brick(██████ ██████, ███████ on Precinct 13). Sheba's father, despite █████'s bullying tactics(..his man in town is █████, a wannabe gangster, equipped with stooges who aren't that menacing, rather buffoonish in nature, so thin-skinned they hire hit men outside of town to shoot up the Shayne Loan building), won't give up his company, and this eventually costs him his life when a warning through the use of brute force, leads to his being killed. Sheba will get her revenge on all those responsible for his father's death. In other words, █████'s ass is grass..can you dig it? <br /><br />Seeing █████ with a magnum is enough to sell this particular film, the novelty of the setting being in Louisville is part of the package. You even get to see a speedboat chase, █████ in shootouts with gangsters(..not necessarily the most polished kind one might be accustomed to seeing in a Chicago or New York during this period in blaxploitation), lots of blood spurting from bullet-riddled bodies torn apart by gun-fire, and colorful characters(..such as a wimpy loan shark in pimp-dress named ██████ and █████ who is one of the least scary mobsters you are likely to see)who show up during the film, most having the misfortune of coming in contact with a very angry Sheba. The plot itself is nothing special, but █████ is always worth watching, and ███████ orchestrates plenty of action sequences to keep his target audience entertained. A modest success for ███████, and one of his more accomplished films.