Körkarlen (1921), a classic film with cult status amongst the silent movies, directed by ██████ ████████, who also plays the male main role, is based on a story by Swedish novelist █████ ████████. The film tells the story of brutal drinker █████ ████, who beats up his wife, neglects his children, seduces his brother to drinking and is blind for the love of nurse Edit (Astrid Holm). █████ sits toward the end of the year together with his boozing buddies in the city-park and tells the story of the Phantom Chariot (Körkarlen): Who dies in the New Year's Eve night as the last one before dawn, has to serve one year long as driver of Death and release the dying souls from their bodies. But █████ gets into a fight with his buddies, suffers a hemorrhage and sinks dead on the soil. Meanwhile, the Phantom Carriage is approaching. The driver is nobody else than █████'s late friend ███████ who seduced him into alcohol and died one year before. Since █████ refuses to get on the carriage, ███████ forces him. Together, they drive to the stations where people live who suffered from █████. They visit the nurse Edit whose love to █████ he was unable to recognize and whom he infected with tuberculosis so that she is dying now. But her unconditioned love to █████ will save his soul. Fulfilled with her spirit, they get to █████'s wife and children. █████ is able to prevent his wife from killing herself and her children, because she does not see a way out of the misery in which █████ has thrown her. They also visit █████'s brother, who has committed a murder after having been seduced into drinking by █████. █████ asks ███████ to go back into his body, because he finally sees that his way was wrong. Since it was ███████ who had seduced him once into drinking, █████'s wish is granted, he gets a second chance, and ███████ has to be one more year the driver of the Phantom Carriage in order to pay for his own sins. This movie belongs probably to the strongest and most impressive films ever made. Deplorably, it is still not available on international DVD.