A Formula For ██████ isn't a well known ██████, but that isn't to say it's not a very good one! The film is directed by ███████ ██ ███████, the man behind cult classics such as The Antichrist and Blazing Magnums. The film was released late on in the ██████ cycle, but more than stands up to many of the films released around the 'golden' period in the early seventies. Despite a lack of logic in some areas, the film works mainly due to the competent way it mixes Argento style death scenes with some genuinely surprising plot twists, and a host of well defined characters. The film is, perhaps, not as exciting overall as many other films in the genre; but this is more than compensated for by the assured way that the central situation is fed to the audience, and the tension resulting from that. The plot begins by showing a fake priest raping a young girl named ██████, before pushing her down a flight of steps. We then fast forward several years and the girl is now a woman, who is unfortunately in a wheelchair. She is being trained for a sports event by █████; a man who also has romantic designs on her. However, his proposal isn't met with glee by ██████'s personal assistant, who also has romantic designs on her.<br /><br />The film features a plot twist half way through that makes up the backbone of the movie, and while it's not exactly logical; it's good to watch and hints that you're in for an interesting movie. ████████ ███████ ██ ███████ is clearly not afraid to show a few outrageous gore scenes, and the best of which in this film features a priest being battered to death by a spade - and I personally wouldn't hesitate to name that sequence as one of my favourite ██████ murder scenes! The plot can be a little uneven at times, but generally the action is very good. The director spends what seems like an eternity on the conclusion to the film; but it's absolutely packed with tension, and the way that it plays out is good in that it takes advantage of all the plot points that have gone before it. The musical score, taken from █████'s The New York Ripper, works well in this film also and, breaking a ██████ tradition, de ███████'s film also features some rather good acting performances from cult veteran █████ ███████ and █████████ ████, in her only feature film role. Overall, this film isn't one of the easiest ██████'s to come across; but its well worth tracking down and comes recommended to fans of this sort of film.