SPOILERS<br /><br />I love the Simpsons, and I have seen every single episode that had ever come out. I must admit, season one is by far the most underrated season, and this is the most underrated episode in season one.The episode begins with the family playing a game of Scrabble to get ████ ready for an intelligence test he needs to take at school. He says the game is stupid and he doesn't want to play it, but he needs to. He spells out a word that angers █████ and he chases ████ around the house. The next day Mrs. Krabappel reassures the class that the test isn't part of their grade, just a test that would tell them what their future would be like. ████ can't answer one question. He thinks fast. He quickly switches test with ██████ ██████, the smartest one in class. Later that day █████ and █████ are called to go to the Principal's office to discuss ████'s behavior. Suddenly, out of nowhere, the school psychologist comes and tells ███████ and █████ and █████ that ████ is a genius and should go to a special school for the gifted. ████ agrees to go since he wouldn't need to do any homework. The next day █████ drives ████ to the new school. He is introduced to everyone and everything. Unluckily, his day isn't very good. The smart students take his lunch smartly, he can't read any comic books, but he does anyway, and he is criticized by his fellow students. Luckily for ████, he and █████ start to have a great time together, but █████ bought tickets to an opera. They go to the opera, and make fun of it. The next day he goes to his old school but is made fun of by his friends. They call him a point dexter. While at his new school, ████ is told to do a Chemistry Experiment. He does it wrong and blows up the school, leaving himself green. ████ is told by the psychologist to tell him why he did it. Instead, ████ tells him he wants to go undercover and go back to his old school to observe other kids. The psychologist is intrigued and he asks ████ to explain it on a piece of paper. He finds it too hard and instead writes a confession that he really isn't a genius. He gives it to the psychologist. All he cares about is that he spelled the word confession wrong. That night █████ bathes ████ and ████ tells him that he really isn't a genius and that he cheated on the test. █████ gets angry and chases ████ around the house as ████ and █████ look at them casually.<br /><br />Overall, this is a very underrated season one episode.<br /><br />8/10