The best thing -- and that's pretty good -- about The Black Castle is that it's a black-and- white Forties' ██████ grabber featuring a murderous mad count which was somehow made in 1952. The star ostensibly is the British actor ███████ ██████, a capable leading man who reminds me of an earlier version of █████ █████. The villain is a mad count played by ███████ ███████, who does a credible job except when he's called on to laugh maniacally. Skulking around in the shadows is a long-gowned █████ ███████ in a decidedly secondary role of an aged doctor who may or may not be the salvation of our hero. <br /><br />It's the middle of the 18th Century in Austria and ███ ██████ ██████ (Greene) is determined to find out what happened to two close friends. They disappeared in the vicinity of the castle belonging to █████ ████ von █████ (McNally), deep in the Black Forest. It seems that ███ ██████ and his friends had been instrumental in defeating a brutal plan of von █████'s in Africa three years previously involving slavery and ivory. The Count was left not only with failure, but with a scar on his face and a black patch he now wears to cover a ruined eye. von █████ vowed revenge, and it seems he might have been partially successful. So under a false name, ███ ██████ arranges for a hunting invitation from the Count, and off we go by carriage through a dark journey of storm and howling wolves to the Count's castle. It's a hulking mass of stone turrets and corridors, shadowy stairways, huge fireplaces...and creepy passages that lead to dank dungeon cells, a torture chamber and a great pit filled with snapping, thrashing crocodiles. It also is filled by the Count's lovely, blond, sensitive wife, ████ (█████ Corday, who sometimes is billed as ████ Corday), and by the Count's two close friends played by those two actors we know from the Fifties who specialized in being slime in costume, ████ ████ and ███████ ██████. There is a dangerous leopard hunt, forbidden kisses, knuckling servants, wooden signs creaking and swaying in the cold wind and poison in a cup. Not the least, ██████ ███████ (Karloff) has a special vial filled with a drug which will so slow the bodily functions that death will seem to have occurred. The risk is that...well, when the person awakes ten hours later, he'd better hope he's not already nailed shut in his coffin. <br /><br />Surprisingly, for all the clichés, The Black Castle keeps moving merrily along. The movie takes itself seriously, but it's competently enough made to keep our interest, even if we wind up sitting back with a smile while we watch. It's even reassuring in a way to realize there are strong echoes of The Most Dangerous Game. When ██████ realizes just how crazy von █████ is, he becomes even more determined to bring von █████ to accounts. And, naturally, he has fallen for ████. von █████, crazed by vengeance yet crafty and capable, is a man who loves the hunt and is engorged by the kill. Hollywood's second creative rule has always been, "If you're going to steal, steal from the best." It's first creative rule, of course, is "If you're going to steal, steal from the best and then turn it into liverwurst." The Black Castle is a nice bite of Austrian braunschweiger.