Even from the very commencing title of this movie I really love the artwork and canvas layout of one of the national islands of Japan. We see some great rolling green hills and some oriental houses of a coastal town. Instantly we are looking at the Pacific beauty on the widescreen of the theater. And to prove how great this film is, I have to say that ███████ ██████ would be proud. Teachers of evolution classes and school sciences such as biology would fantastically favor █████ ████████'s brand new movie entitled "█████". The title character, as you will see, may be the perfect animation icon of media to be represented in all classrooms and auditoriums alike.<br /><br />Besides the scientific aspect of all this, let's dive into the blue waters of this exciting story. We have a skinny, old and powerful sorcerer named ████████ who lives in a submersible and is cynical of the urban expansion of mankind and their pollution of industrial waste. He wants to have complete control of the seas and the cute looking peaceful aquatic life including fish and organisms. ████████, whose blood is composed to be half-human and half-amphibious, resembles both an ocean loving anti-hero and antagonist; similar to the █████ ████ villain █████████ in The Spy Who Loved Me who operates an Atlantis-dubbed underwater city. <br /><br />His daughter, whom he treats like an over-cared-for pet, is named █████. She is a large goldfish who already looks like a pretty red-haired girl. The father bans her from the real human world, claiming it to be dangerous and too much for her to handle. But quite frankly, █████'s exploratory curiosity is as strong as her amorous nature. Eventually with building strength, similar to wonderful scenes from ████ ████'s "███████ ███", she breaks free of her father's rocky and fossilized aquatic city and swims to the water surface of Japan, and to her luck and joy, falls into the caring hands of a youngster ship tanker captain named ██████. <br /><br />Living in an ocean front house at a neat looking beach (or boulder filled beach), ██████ has two overworking parents, a senior home working mother ████ and the first mate of a tanker barge ██████. ████ seems to be angry at her spouse for being away on a ship and leaving her with all the housework. Even more so, the black magic that is exerted by █████ causes an apocalyptic chain of events to occur: the moon approaches the Earth too closely and waves surge from the unbalancing of the tidal interaction forces, and humongous tsunami waves rack the peaceful but evacuated town. However what seems to underestimate this curse and seems literally more powerful than supernatural might is the love and tightly embraced friendship between the childish Captain ██████ and the adorable red-headed █████, who wants to be a sensitive human than just a preserved fish. Much like the frizzly haired and free-spirited hobbits in The Lord of the Rings, █████ grants me a slight reminder of that.<br /><br />I could write on and on about this amazing animated film, the best since "Coraline" which was in theaters in February. And right now, █████ ████████, feast your eyes on another 10 star grade from your animation fan, ██████ ███████. The year 2009 may be filled with dozens of animated films; however, █████ is the most towering film of many environmental beauties and should be dedicated as a new wonder of the world.