This production was quite well done for a television original, providing a very appropriate original slant on █████'s work. To make the frame story work well the film begins with ████████ arriving home. Everyone who has read the book knows that will happen anyway. The frame story of the book has ████████'s crazed confusion in sections. For example, he is horrified that he will trample little people in England because he has just returned from a land of giants. But the film has all the book sections within one long voyage. When ████████ narrates his travels the editing cuts from England to the travel are very effective. I confess I found them intrusive and irritating at first, then they became natural. By the end, moreover, they have become a welcome addition to the story. As he tells his adventures to a larger and larger audience, more and more people listen to his compelling fantasy even though they doubt its truth. For example, his hatred of filthy Yahoos and admiration of pure logic from the fourth section comes across well when he is defending his own sanity. The intercuts between events in England and similar events or scenes in the tale is very effective. For example, ripping the cloth from the table to suggest the motion of towing a group of ships is inspired filming. The addition of ████████'s family threatened by the lecherous doctor works well. █████ only hints at this by having the long-suffering wife protest against further voyages. It becomes a natural part of this story. The casting and acting were competent throughout. Some roles were exemplary. ████ ██████'s mad magician is superb. O'Toole's little emperor is doddering delightfully toward senility. Many specific complaints made by other writers here strike me as simple personal preference, which, after all, is what we are about here. I read the abridged version several times a year from fourth grade on. I may have escaped the complete version until a college class but have read it a few times since. And I had to start it again as I began reading about this film. While the ██████ version is superior to any previous film, it does not replace the book. However, I think it will bring many readers to the book. If you have not read the book, enjoy this movie then go to the source. If you appreciate the satire in it, find █████'s "A Modest Proposal" and his "███████'s Letters." Both are satires attacking the wretched treatment of Ireland and the Irish during █████'s time. The drapier protests cheap, inflated copper coins being dumped on Ireland. These were ████'s light weight coinage, not good for face value in paying taxes and official debts. The outcry from █████'s satire caused the coins to be sent to another mistreated British territory, the American colonies. The universal satire in █████'s book and this movie just poke fun; they cannot change human nature. ████ ██████'s torturous experiences a chance. I think you will find them thought provoking and entertaining.