Well as you can see, I got to this party quite late but, have the advantage of reading all the previous entries before making my comments. I found this site by happen chance, when I was looking for other ██████ █████ films. So, let me start by telling you that I played a ██████ Boot in the movie, ███. Labarsky, and was stationed at MCRDep, ███ █████ at the time. ████ ████ and his crew selected 15 Permanent Personnel, of which some of us had the speaking parts, and another 15 ███████ that had just completed ████ ████. That made up the Platoon and the ███████ who portrayed the various "DIs". To the best of my recollection, The Capt. and ███. Owens (Don Dubbins) were not in the ███████. We spent about three weeks up in Hollywood (██████ ████ ████ ███), CA shooting the section of the movie that we were involved with, and then they completed the other shots after we left.<br /><br />So as I ramble along here, let me clarify some of what has been questioned in previous entries as best I can. "████ █████" was commenting about the ability of our Platoon to yell "Yes Sir" without moving and etc,, Yes we did the yelling for the Sound Guys, and it was while shooting the scene. As you fellow ███████ remember, when the DI or who ever started to ask a question and before they completed it, you had already taken your breath of air enabling you to yell at the top of your lungs the proper response. That is how it was done.<br /><br />"74Sooner" commented about walking through the same building at Paris Island, however, as I mentioned earlier all the scenes were shot in Studio City, CA . They were built from photos taken at Paris Island and from on site trips and ██████ advisers from Paris Island. █████, you were in the real buildings, not the sets.<br /><br />"schappe1" brought up many good points, but, about the incident with the platoon at Paris Island at the time all that jack ████ said to us was, "The movie came about because of the accident, and the ██████ █████ didn't want to put out anything that would impact any of the family members of the ███████ that died that night. Although, the ██████ █████ would provide any ███████ and assistance needed for a movie answering to the public why a ██████ DI does what he does".<br /><br />As mentioned by a few of you, I also at the time we were shooting the scenes caught my self thinking this dialog has been cleaned up to much and obviously isn't how it goes down in real life. Back in the 50's,that is how it had to be done.<br /><br />One story I would like to pass on is about the interaction that occurred between us ███████ and the Movie Crew, and between the Movie Crew and ████ ████. From the start by custom the ███████ replied "Yes Sir" to anybody that moved. Going into the second week it was getting more common to hear "Yes Sir" coming from all directions. On stage someone would bark out a request for something to be done with the lighting and from out of nowhere up on a catwalk above the set a reply of "Yes Sir" would sound out. To all of this at one of our informal gatherings, ████ ████ stated. "If I had known that I would have gotten this much respect from this crew, I would have brought you guys up here years ago." There was a Lt. brought up from ███ █████ to play the role of the DI from the other platoon and the one ████ ████ fights with, but during one shooting secessions He was up to take number 32, and still ████ kept trying to work him through how he wanted it done and didn't show any lack of patience with him. The next day they used the Paris Island adviser who was a DI Sgt. from Paris Island and He worked out fine.<br /><br />At the time I was somewhat of a camera buff and got to know the Still ██████ ███ to get some pointer from him and as it turned out He would give me still shots and some of the 35mm film of the daily shooting that were not going to be used. Those film strips I cut up and made slides out of them. After the movie came out in VHS tape (The DI, 11706 B&W/106 min.) my kids and the grand kids have a blast when they try to se who can find me the most times on the screen.