This is a good episode, but it's not my favorite. A lot of people love it and on a creative level it's brilliant. Most of the episode has no dialog, which is such a cool idea and "Hush" handles the silence really well. Plus, this episode introduces ████, who I like a lot. But, I don't like █████ or the Initative or ██████ █████ and they seem to get a lot of screen time in "Hush." Plus, I don't think the Gentlemen are that scary and I get tired of watching the float around Sunnydale. I know that I'm in the minority, but I tend to fast-forward parts of "Hush." Of course, there are other parts of the episode that I think are great, so if you're watching on DVD, I recommend seeing this episode. It really is a classic.<br /><br />"Hush" revolves around the entire town losing their voices. Skelatal looking demon-guys called the Gentlemen arrive to gather seven hearts from human victims, but if they hear a human scream they die. So they steal the voices of everyone in town. █████ and the Scoobies try to figure out what's going on, while the Initative also start investigating. Meanwhile, ██████ comes to realize how much Anya means to him and ██████ meets a fellow witch named ████. █████ and █████ finally come face to face while fighting the Gentlemen. They are both stunned about what they learn... He's a commando and she's the Slayer. In the end █████ saves the day, but she now has to deal with her new knowledge of █████'s secret life.<br /><br />Really, the creativity of "Hush" can't be seen in a basic outline of its plot. It's the overwhelming silence of the episode, that makes it so great. The characters try to communicate in different ways, (White-out boards, pantomime, obscene finger gestures, etc...) and it all just works really well. After a while you forget that there's no dialog because they're all so good at expressing themselves. During the "talking" parts of the episode, there are a lot of references to the importance of really "hearing" each other. Anya claims that ██████ won't really talk to her. █████ ignores █████ and ██████'s protests and insists that █████ move into ██████'s apartment. █████ quickly substitutes the word "petroleum" for "patrolling" when she talks to █████ so she won't have to explain her calling. And then at the end, when █████ and █████ really do learn the truth about each other, they sit there with nothing to say. It's all pretty cool.<br /><br />There are a lot of good parts to this episode. I love that people keep forgetting that they can't talk. █████ and ██████ both try to use the phone. Riley can't use the voice recognition thing in the Initatives' elevator. People try to scream. It's basically what everyone would really do if they suddenly had no speech. And I think it's hilarious that █████ has to move in with ██████. (They'll also share an apartment for a little while in season seven.) ██████ and █████ have a fun bickering childishness that's just hilarious. Also I like the beginning of ████ and ██████'s relationship. ████ plays an important role for the rest of the show and she and ██████ are pretty cute together. It's nice to see them just starting out.<br /><br />On the downside, I don't understand how the Gentlemen are choosing their victims. They just seem to float around dorms and pick random people. Also, I don't like █████. I've never liked him, but from "Hush" on I'm pretty much just waiting for █████ to come back to town and beat him up. Finally, what happens to Olivia after this? It seems like we just met her, she and █████ have a relationship, everything's going fine... and then she's suddenly dropped. I don't get it.<br /><br />My favorite part of the episode: █████' "Who are the Gentlemen?" lecture to the Scoobies. The whole scene is wonderful and his over-heads are just hilarious. He makes some similar looking flashcards in season seven's "First Date." Pretty much anytime █████ starts drawing monsters, it's just gonna be fun.