I first heard about The Melancholy of ██████ ████████ from a reviewer on Youtube. He literally slapped the show with a big bad rant, condemning it rubbish and confusing. Curious, I decided to watch the show (once I got the order of the episodes right, thanks to those who made the lists), and I found it absolutely brilliant and enjoyable to watch. Great memorable characters who are full of life and are absolutely lovable and hilarious; a unique and not over blowing plot that makes sense now that I've watched the show; and two of the best anime moments in history, in my opinion. Plus the opening and ending themes are great.<br /><br />The anime, based on a collection of successful manga novels, follows a simple plot, once you understand it. While the show's focus is on the main character, ██████ ████████, the point of view is from her friend ████. ████ is a regular high school student who doesn't really believe in supernatural stuff (e.g. █████ Clause, aliens, time travellers, ghosts, espers) but he soon ends up talking to ██████, who is the most oddest girl in the school and would prefer to date an alien, considering all men worthless. She even joined every club in the school to find something interesting, but quit as quickly as she joined. Upon "advice" from ████, ██████ decides to form her own club with ████'s club. Setting up in the literary club room, ██████ forms the SOS Brigade - its mission to investigate supernatural cases (think Scooby-Doo minus the dog, the masked man and the Mystery Machine).<br /><br />██████ "recruits" three extra members. The first is ████ ██████, a bookworm of sorts who speaks very little and spends most of her time reading and sitting. The second is ██████ ███████, a shy girl who is forced into the club by ██████ who thinks they need a cute mascot to get some things done. She is often forced into costumes by ██████ to further her cuteness. The third is ██████ ███████, a friendly and sociable transfer student who is always smiling. While ██████ thinks her group is filled with normal people she couldn't be more wrong. While ████ is as normal as you can get, the other three on the other hand are rather unique - ████ is an alien, ██████ is a time traveller from the future, and Itsuki is an esper (a person who has ESP). All three have come to watch over ██████ who may just have the powers of a god, and if she becomes bored, she may be able to discover her powers and create a whole new world, and ████ is involved somehow.<br /><br />The show is worth watching with great characters, music and some hilarious and wonderful moments. However, for parents, there is some sexual references including ██████'s cleavage being exposed or touched several times, and several swear words used as well. Apart from that, the show is one of the greats.