Being Belgian myself, I take interest in the history of █████. It has been our only colony for many years (██████ was a Belgian protectorate, but not a colony), and it is part of our country's history. Nowadays it seems to be very popular to say that all that the Belgians did to █████ was wrong, especially in the 19th century. I'm not saying that bad things didn't happen. Of course they did, but back then this wasn't abnormal. Do you really think the French or the Brits were that much nicer in their colonies? No, they weren't. It was 'normal' at the time for our king ███████ ██ to use █████ as a way to gain personal wealth. It was his private property (it didn't belong to the state then) and he tried to make the most out of it. Of course gruesome things like hands being chopped off happened and yes to todays standards that's inadmissible, but in those days it was common practice. And it has to be said, all this didn't happen anymore during the last decades... I know several people who have lived an worked in █████ for many years before the declaration of █████lese independence. It's true that they had several black servants, but they are very nice people and I really can't imagine they ever treated them bad. For as far as I know they have always treated them with a lot of respect (However, I'm not saying all Belgians did). In fact if they weren't that old now (almost all about 80 years old now) they would love to return to █████.<br /><br />The good thing about this movie is that it gives an historically accurate vision on what happened during the last years of Belgian governance and the first years of █████lese independence. The story isn't as black and white (perhaps not the best words in this context, but how else to explain what I mean) as I feared it would be. It doesn't say that all the Belgians did was wrong and all the █████lese did was good. It shows perfectly how the █████lese, in their rush of getting independent from the Belgians, didn't mind to accept help from the Russians as well as the Americans, who both had more eye for the raw materials like copper, diamonds, bauxite, rubber,... and getting the █████lese in their political 'camp' and weren't all that interested in their independence. It does not only give a good idea of how ███████ became more powerful, but also how ██████ played a double role. It shows the Belgian reaction on some of our compatriots being violated, threatened and even murdered (My father was one of the paratroopers who were send to █████ to rescue the Belgians). It gives a good idea of the political problems ███████ encountered as the province ███████ didn't want to be part of the █████lese Republic, the role that the Belgians had in the murder on ███████ ... it all gets it's part in this movie.<br /><br />The story seems to be very accurate and the characters really look and act like the real ones. This movie has been able to give a very good idea of what life in █████ in the late fifties and early sixties was like and should be seen by everybody who is interested in the history of the country. But it should also be shown in history classes, especially in Belgium, because it's a part of our history that should never be forgotten. I give it a 7.5/10, perhaps even an 8/10.