For some reason, I always enjoy movies that people hate, when I really don't think they're that bad - and this is one of those films. In the case of this movie, I think it is way too over-criticized, I really isn't that bad of a film at all. In fact, I think this is one of the better sequels. "█████████: The Curse of ███████ █████" begins on the night before █████████, where ███████ brutally murders █████ █████ (who was taken captive by the "Man In Black" in part 5) after she gives birth to his baby. We are then introduced to the Strode family, who is now coincidentally living in the old Myers house (which seems to change in each film). Kara and her son █████ are the main characters, along with █████ █████, the now adult boy who survived the original killings. They must fight together to save █████'s baby from an evil cult that takes care of ███████, while ███████ himself is driven to kill by an old Celtic ritual where he must sacrifice an entire family in Haddonfield.<br /><br />This is surely one of the best sequels in the series, in my opinion anyway, and I can't understand all of the hate it has gotten. It had some nice suspense, an interesting plot (but sometimes confusing, I'll admit), some scary moments here and there, and plenty of gore and knife slashings to appease all of you gorehounds. Not all of the acting wasn't particularly great, but it was convincing enough for me. ████████ Hagan is the leading lady and she is very likable. ████ Rudd plays a grown-up █████ █████, and is also very talented and plays his part nicely. The rest of the supporting cast (besides the brilliant ██████ █████████) isn't much to praise, but it wasn't too bad either, all things considered. I'm still not sure if giving an explanation for why ███████ kills was completely necessary, but it turned out to be okay in the end and I wasn't upset with the way they tied everything together. The open-ended conclusion was also kind of eerie, but could have been something more. <br /><br />I have also seen the infamous "Producer's Cut" of this film, the original cut of it, and I think that in some respects, it is better. It further explains the Thorn curse that drives ███████ and has some extra scenes that really helped support the film, plus the ending was a lot better in my opinion. It felt more natural than the conclusion that we're given in the studio cut of the film. I wish that Dimension would release this alternate version of the film, because I personally think it is better. The chances of that are very slim though.<br /><br />Overall, "█████████: The Curse of ███████ █████" is a very good sequel and will please all of the fans of the series. This movie isn't the best of all horror movies, but it's definitely worth renting if you want to see ███████ do his thing. Just don't expect brilliance, and you'll enjoy it. 7/10.